README.md, before:

![Node.js CI](https://github.com/okezieobi/server-my-diary-demo/workflows/Node.js%20CI/badge.svg)

![.github/workflows/azure.yml](https://github.com/okezieobi/server-my-diary-demo/workflows/.github/workflows/azure.yml/badge.svg)

![codacy-coverage-reporter](https://github.com/okezieobi/server-my-diary-demo/workflows/codacy-coverage-reporter/badge.svg)

![.github/workflows/azure-postgresql.yml](https://github.com/okezieobi/server-my-diary-demo/workflows/.github/workflows/azure-postgresql.yml/badge.svg)

[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/okezieobi/server-my-diary-demo/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://coveralls.io/github/okezieobi/server-my-diary-demo?branch=main)

[![Codacy Badge](https://app.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/e2a36127ce3f408ab4428a57b7008534)](https://www.codacy.com/gh/okezieobi/server-my-diary-demo/dashboard?utm_source=github.com&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_content=okezieobi/server-my-diary-demo&amp;utm_campaign=Badge_Grade)

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/okezieobi/server-my-diary-demo.svg?branch=main)](https://travis-ci.org/okezieobi/server-my-diary-demo)

# server-my-diary-demo
REST API for MyDiary, an online journal where users can pen down their thoughts and feelings

## Live API docs
https://diary-app-demo-v1.azurewebsites.net/api-docs

## Required Features
- Users can send requests create an account and log in.
- Users send requests view all entries to their diary.
- Users send requests view the contents of a diary entry.
- Users send requests add or modify an entry.
## Optional Features
- Users send requests set and get daily notifications that prompt them to add an entry to their diary.

## Stack
ExpressJS/NodeJS, PostgreSQL/sequelize

Commit message:

Test fix for Heroku deployment

README.md, after:

![Node.js CI](https://github.com/okezieobi/server-my-diary-demo/workflows/Node.js%20CI/badge.svg)

![.github/workflows/azure.yml](https://github.com/okezieobi/server-my-diary-demo/workflows/.github/workflows/azure.yml/badge.svg)

![codacy-coverage-reporter](https://github.com/okezieobi/server-my-diary-demo/workflows/codacy-coverage-reporter/badge.svg)

![.github/workflows/azure-postgresql.yml](https://github.com/okezieobi/server-my-diary-demo/workflows/.github/workflows/azure-postgresql.yml/badge.svg)

[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/okezieobi/server-my-diary-demo/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://coveralls.io/github/okezieobi/server-my-diary-demo?branch=main)

[![Codacy Badge](https://app.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/e2a36127ce3f408ab4428a57b7008534)](https://www.codacy.com/gh/okezieobi/server-my-diary-demo/dashboard?utm_source=github.com&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_content=okezieobi/server-my-diary-demo&amp;utm_campaign=Badge_Grade)

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/okezieobi/server-my-diary-demo.svg?branch=main)](https://travis-ci.org/okezieobi/server-my-diary-demo)

# server-my-diary-demo
REST API for MyDiary, an online journal where users can pen down their thoughts and feelings

## Live API docs deployment on Azure Webapp service
https://diary-app-demo-v1.azurewebsites.net/api-docs

## Live API docs deployment on Heroku
https://diary-app-demo.herokuapp.com/api-docs


## Required Features
- Users can send requests create an account and log in.
- Users send requests view all entries to their diary.
- Users send requests view the contents of a diary entry.
- Users send requests add or modify an entry.
## Optional Features
- Users send requests set and get daily notifications that prompt them to add an entry to their diary.

## Stack
ExpressJS/NodeJS, PostgreSQL/sequelize
